generations of the same family wiped out
in an Israeli air
strike nearly all the victims were women
and
children outside the morg at al- AXA
Hospital a truck arrives to collect
their bodies for the funeral at least 36
members of the tobat B family were
killed the Israeli air strike targeted
this home near the al- naer at refugee
camp Witnesses say it happened late at
night
we were sleeping peacefully then all of
a sudden we saw concrete blocks and
Bricks flying over our heads we rushed
to the building to see dead bodies all
over the place Torn to Pieces it is not
a war on Hamas it is an Israeli War on
women and
children at exactly 11:41 p.m we heard
what felt like an earthquake it was not
regular shelling we ran here to see what
happened we saw this four-story building
leveled to the ground it collapsed on
the heads of those who were inside they
were all
killed neighbors say they live in
constant fear of more Israeli
attacks the whole world is watching us
being slaughtered by the Israelis all
they can do is drop some food we don't
want your food we want the war to stop
so that innocent children can have a
life hours after the attack the AL at
refugee camp was targeted again with the
injured being brought here to al- AXA
hospital and an air strike hit a house
in the shik radwan neighborhood where
children had to be pulled from the
rubble these women and children are
among tens of thousands of Innocents
killed by the overwhelming military
power of Israel many here are asking how
many more families will be devastated
before this ends Victoria gon B
alzer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer